Issue 1683 - Add Zondax libraries (#1690)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/developers/infrastructure/libraries/index.md

---

{{< beta-warning >}}

## Zondax 

Zondax provides the [Filecoin Solidity npm package](#filecoin-solidity) and the [FEVM Precompiles library](#fevm-precompiles).

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove this specific callout to Zondax, and add a simple sentence to the two sections below just saying _"Hey this is made by Zondax, here's a link to their website"_ -- or something to that effect.

> ## Filecoin.sol

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Filecoin.solidity
```

{{< alert >}}
The Filecoin Solidity project is [currently in beta](https://docs.zondax.ch/fevm/filecoin-solidity#disclaimer-%EF%B8%8F%EF%B8%8F).
{{< /alert >}}

> _Filecoin.sol_ provides a set of libraries that allows Solidity smart contracts to seamlessly call built-in actors methods. Additionally, a set of mock libraries that respond to specific scenarios is available. The scenarios are based on the received parameters instead of real calls. For further information, including information on how to use the package, see the [official documentation](https://docs.zondax.ch/fevm/filecoin-solidity/).

Reviewer 2: 1. Let's be clear that filecoin.solidity allows calling exported built-in actor methods, not all of them.  Some community devs complained to me that filecoin.solidity only provides a few built-in actors calls which is a misunderstanding. 
2. mock version of the libraries is not recommended to use anymore. It was only for supporting FVM hack in wallaby since there was no real deal data. 
3. we should also provide link to their [GitHub](https://github.com/Zondax/filecoin-solidity).

Author: @longfeiWan9 

1. Got it, added copy for this
1. Got it, removed mention of mock version
1. Got it, added link

> #### FEVM Precompiles

Author: @longfeiWan9 went ahead and removed it for now. We can add back into this page if it is confirmed whether the tool is being developed or not

> #### FEVM Precompiles

Reviewer 2: I also confirmed with the Zondax team. This FEVM precompiles was a proof of concept thing which will not be work on anymore.

> The _Filecoin Solidity_ npm package provides a set of Solidity libraries that allows Solidity smart contracts to seamlessly call Filecoin built-in actors methods, and perform cross-platform calls to the real Filecoin built-in actors. Additionally, a set of mock libraries that respond to specific scenarios is available. The scenarios are based on the received parameters instead of real calls. For further information, including information on how to use the package, see the [official documentation](https://docs.zondax.ch/fevm/filecoin-solidity/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Filecoin.sol_ provides a set of libraries that allows Solidity smart contracts to seamlessly call built-in actors methods. Additionally, a set of mock libraries that respond to specific scenarios is available. The scenarios are based on the received parameters instead of real calls. For further information, including information on how to use the package, see the [official documentation](https://docs.zondax.ch/fevm/filecoin-solidity/).
```
